<span class="rendered_qtext">When a user adds a question to Quora, we automatically suggest topics which might be relevant to the question. For example, a question about Dijkstra&#039;s algorithm would probably fit well under the topics &quot;Algorithms&quot; and &quot;Graph Theory&quot;.<br /><br />We have a pretty good machine learning system in place for generating these topics, but it could always be better. Your goal in this task is to design a question topic labeler.<br /><br />The input data consists of a training dataset of <span class="render_latex">[math]T[/math]</span> questions and an evaluation dataset of <span class="render_latex">[math]E[/math]</span>&nbsp; questions. Your labeler should suggest 10 topics for each question in the evaluation set, ordered by relevance.<br /><br /><b>Input Format</b><br />The first line consists of two space-separated integers <span class="render_latex">[math]T[/math]</span> and <span class="render_latex">[math]E\, (1 \leq T \leq 20000, 1 \leq E \leq 1000)[/math]</span> .<br /><br />The next <span class="render_latex">[math]2T[/math]</span>&nbsp; lines provide the training dataset. Each question in the training dataset is described by two lines:<br /><br /><ul><li>One integer <span class="render_latex">[math]N\, (1 \leq N \leq 25)[/math]</span> , followed by <span class="render_latex">[math]N[/math]</span> positive integers (below 250) representing the topic IDs of the question in no particular order. On average, there are approximately 3 topics per question in the dataset.</li><li>One string (between 1 and 500 printable ASCII characters), the question text. The average question text length is 70 characters.</li></ul><br />The next <span class="render_latex">[math]E[/math]</span> lines provide the evaluation dataset. Each question in the evaluation dataset is described by one line (between 1 and 500 ASCII characters), the question text.<br /><br /><b>Output Format</b><br />There are <span class="render_latex">[math]T[/math]</span> lines in total. The <span class="render_latex">[math]i[/math]</span>-th line contains 10 space-separated integers, each representing the topic id of a suggestion for the <span class="render_latex">[math]i[/math]</span>-th question in the evaluation dataset. To maximize your score, topic suggestions for a question should be ordered in descending order of relevance.<br /><br /><b>Sample Input</b><br /><pre class="prettyprint linenums">6 4
3 1 2 4
What is the meaning of life?
7 1 2 5 8 9 11 15
What is Quora?
2 14 178
What are the best Google calendar hacks?
3 117 93 125
Why does government of China not value the freedom of speech?
2 65 164
What is the best piece of design ever?
5 197 183 29 170 143
What was the last conversation you had with your father?
Are programming contests fun?
What is machine learning?
How do you code in C++?
Is it possible to sort in linear time?</pre><br /><br />Note: a more comprehensive sample input (with the same training data made available during evaluation) is available here (<span class="qlink_container"><a href="http://qim.s3.amazonaws.com/labeler_sample.in" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank" onclick="return Q.openUrl(this);" class="external_link" onmouseover="return require(&quot;qtext&quot;).tooltip(this, &quot;amazonaws.com&quot;)">input</a></span>, <span class="qlink_container"><a href="http://qim.s3.amazonaws.com/labeler_sample.ans" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank" onclick="return Q.openUrl(this);" class="external_link" onmouseover="return require(&quot;qtext&quot;).tooltip(this, &quot;amazonaws.com&quot;)">correct topics</a></span>). You can use <span class="qlink_container"><a href="http://qim.s3.amazonaws.com/labeler_checker.py" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank" onclick="return Q.openUrl(this);" class="external_link" onmouseover="return require(&quot;qtext&quot;).tooltip(this, &quot;amazonaws.com&quot;)">this script</a></span> to score your output for the sample dataset.<br /><br /><b>Sample Output</b><br /><pre class="prettyprint linenums">1 2 5 3 7 9 11 10 14 15
2 9 29 3 117 197 1 183 178 15
15 197 170 143 8 5 1 7 2 14
1 8 14 164 125 15 2 65 164 3</pre><br /><br /><b>Scoring</b><br />Your score for each question is determined as follows:<br /><br /><span class="render_latex">[math]\frac{{}\sum\limits_{i=0}^9{\sqrt{10 - i} \cdot (guess_i \in questionTopics)}}{\sum\limits_{i=0}^{min(|questionTopics|, 10) - 1}{\sqrt{10 - i}}}[/math]</span><br /><br />Your raw score is the sum of each question score.<br /><br /><span class="render_latex">[math]minScore[/math]</span> = raw score for classifier that guesses 10 most frequent topics.<br /><br />Your final score is <span class="render_latex">[math]200 \cdot \frac{yourRawScore - minScore}{E - minScore}[/math]</span>.<br /><br /><b>Resource Limits</b><br />Your program is limited to 512 MB of memory and must run in 60 seconds or less.</span><iframe src="https://www.hackerrank.com/work/embedview/16jafncqb/173214t2h" width="100%" frameborder="0" height="230px"></iframe></div><div class="Challenge" id="duplicate"><h2>Duplicate</h2><span class="rendered_qtext">Quora uses a combination of machine learning algorithms and moderation to ensure high-quality content on the site. High question and answer quality has helped Quora distinguish itself from other Q&amp;A sites on the web.<br /><br />As the number of questions on Quora grows, there is an increasing likelihood that a new question may be a duplicate of an existing question. The text of the questions can vary significantly, but semantically might mean the same thing. We rely on human judgment to determine if 2 questions are considered to be duplicates and merge these questions together on Quora.<br /><br />For this task, given Quora question text and topic data, determine if any 2 given pairs of questions are considered duplicates or not.<br /><br />The following fields of raw data are given in JSON representing each question:<br /><br /><ul><li>question_key (string): Unique identifier for the question.</li><li>question_text (string): Text of the question.</li><li>context_topic (object): The primary topic of a question, if present. Null otherwise. The topic object will contain a name (string) and followers (integer) count.</li><li>topics (array of objects): All topics on a question, including the primary topic. Each topic object will contain a name (string) and followers (integer) count.</li><li>view_count (int): Number of views on the question.</li></ul><br />After the raw data for each question, the list of known duplicate questions and non-duplicate questions among all the given questions are shared as pairs of questions with an integer representing whether that pair is a duplicate or not (1 for duplicate and 0 for non-duplicate). All other pairings of any 2 questions that are not in this list are unknown to be duplicates or not and the test set will come from this. Note that all questions referenced by the training and test sets will be present in the list of raw question data.<br /><br /><b>Input Format</b><br /><ul><li>The first line will contain an integer <span class="render_latex">[math]1 \leq Q \leq 60,000[/math]</span>, which represents the number of lines of questions in the training data to follow.</li><li>The next Q lines will contain JSON encoded fields of raw question data.</li><li>The next line will contain an integer <span class="render_latex">[math]1 \leq D \leq 25,000[/math]</span>, which represent the number of lines of duplicate question pairs in the training data to follow.</li><li>The next D lines will each contain 2 known duplicate questions identified by their unique question_key and an integer representing whether the pair are duplicates (1 for duplicate, 0 for non-duplicate) separated by spaces. (e.g. “abc def 1”)</li><li>The next line will contain an integer <span class="render_latex">[math]1 \leq N \leq 3,000[/math]</span> for the number of lines of test question pair data to follow.</li><li>The next N lines will each contain 2 test questions identified by their unique question_key separated by a space.</li></ul><br /><b>Output Format</b><br /><ul><li>N lines of 2 question keys and an integer representing whether the 2 test questions are duplicates (1 for duplicate and 0 for non-duplicate). (e.g. “ghi jkl 0”)</li></ul><br /><b>Sample Input</b><br /><pre class="prettyprint linenums">3
